MS Teams - Auto-resetting the token info when switching between authentication types (#37616)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/ReleaseNotes/1_5_9.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Teams

> - You can now switch the *Authentication Type* of your instance without manually running the ***microsoft-teams-auth-reset*** command. The reset authentication logic will be triggered automatically when an authentication switch is occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now switch the *Authentication Type* of your instance without manually running the ***microsoft-teams-auth-reset*** command. The reset authentication logic is triggered automatically when an authentication switch occurs.
```
